MainWP Child Privacy Policy 

Last updated: April 14, 2022

We value your privacy very highly. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the
MainWP Dashboard Plugin (“Plugin”) operated by Sick Marketing, LLC d/b/a MainWP, a Limited
Liability Company formed in Nevada, United States (“us,” “we,” “our”) as this Privacy Policy
contains important information regarding your privacy.

Your access to and use of the Plugin is conditional upon your acceptance of and compliance
with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to everyone accessing or using the Plugin.
By accessing or using the Plugin, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you disagree
with any part of this Privacy Policy, then you do not have our permission to access or use the
Plugin.

What personal data we collect

We do not collect, store, nor process any personal data through this Plugin.

Third-party extensions

This Plugin may be used with extensions that are operated by parties other than us. We do not
control such extensions and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other
practices of such extensions. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever
extensions you use adequately protect your privacy. Please review the Privacy Policies of such
extensions before using them.

Our contact information

If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices, please do not hesitate to contact us
at the following:

Sick Marketing, LLC d/b/a MainWP
support@mainwp.com
4730 S. Fort Apache Road 
Suite 300
PO Box 27740
Las Vegas, NV 89126
United States 

Our representative’s contact information 

If you are a resident of the European Union or the European Economic Area, you may also
contact our representative at the following:

Ametros Ltd
Unit 3D
North Point House
North Point Business Park
New Mallow Road
Cork
Ireland 

If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, you may contact our representative at the following:

Ametros Group Ltd
Lakeside Offices
Thorn Business Park
Hereford
Herefordshire
HR2 6JT
England
